Docs - Improve SEO (#99)
iotaledger/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications: docs/4.2Timestamps.md

---

> description: While online nodes may leverage FPC to vote on timestamps, nodes that join the network at a later time use an approach based on the approval weight to determine the validity of timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Timestamps is a tool that allows nodes to keep track of time and agree on the age of the messages. We combine synchronious and asynchronious approaches. While online nodes vote on timestamps to achieve consensus, nodes that join the network later use approval weights.
```
